The sun shines on the lake, the clouds fade away,
The water in the lake is crushed,
There are no enemies in the other side.
The sea of the sun shines on the lake.
The clouds disappear without seeing the smoke,
The wind does not make a sound,
The light of the mirror is
In the blink of an eye,
The moon in the sky is
Shining in the waves,
The smoke is holding the fire,
The sweet light is the light of the day,
The water in the lake is crushed,
The clouds disappear without seeing the smoke,
The smoke is holding the fire,
The water in the lake is
Shining in the waves,
The sea of the sun is
The water in the lake is
Shining in the waves,
The lake of the sun is